url: https://www.blogto.com/eat_drink/2014/06/farmers_markets_in_toronto_by_day_of_the_week/

Monday
Sorauren Farmers' Market
50 Wabash Ave., 3 p.m. until 7 p.m.
One of the most-fun markets in the city, a visit to this weekly farmers' market that features jams from live musicians will certainly wipe away the Monday blues.

Tuesday
Davisville Village Farmers' Market
June Rowlands Park, 3 p.m. until 7 p.m.
Grab an after-work snack or groceries for dinner in Midtown's lovely June Rowlands Park, full of goods from local farmers and vendors.

Cabbagetown Farmers' Market 
Riverdale Park West, 3 p.m. until 7 p.m.
This market runs rain or shine from May to October, offering everything from veggies to baked goods. Swing by the market and take a glance at the scenic Toronto skyline at Riverdale Park.

Trinity Bellwoods Farmers' Market
Trinity Bellwoods Park, 3 p.m. until 7 p.m.
Take a break from the hustle bustle of West Queen West with a trip to this weekly farmers market, where you'll find stalls from local businesses within and beyond the city.

East York Farmers' Market 
East York Civic Centre, 8 a.m until 2 p.m.
Keep your eyes open for fresh produce, honey and a massive assortment of items to satisfy your sweet tooth. The market will be running from May until October.

Scarborough Farmers' Market
Rosebank Park, 3.30 p.m. until 7.30 p.m.
If you find yourself in the east end of the city, don't miss out on the Indian and Caribbean vendors here, selling fresh items like samosas and jerk chicken.

Wednesday

Nathan Phillips Square Farmers' Market
Nathan Phillips Square, 8 a.m. until 2 p.m.
Located directly in the heart of the city, there's no where better to shop a huge selection of fresh fruits, vegetables, local honeys, flowers and more.

Montgomery's Inn Farmers' Market
4709 Dundas St. West, 2 p.m. until 6 p.m.
Anyone looking for some extra ambience while they shop is in for a treat at this weekly market located at a 19th-century inn in Etobicoke, surrounded by dazzling scenery.

Annette Village Farmers' Market
680 Annette St., 3 p.m. until 7 p.m.
You can find local, sustainably-raised meats, Ontario cheeses and VQA wines at the Annette Village Farmers' Market, available from May to early October.

Courtyard Farmers' Market
1725 Gerrard Street East., 3:30 p.m. until 7:30 p.m.
This east-end farmers' market supports local farmers and a wide-range of entrepreneurs to showcase the city's culinary and creative diversity — all while giving you a huge selection of goodies to shop.

The Scotia Plaza Farmers' Market
Scotia Plaza, 8 a.m. until 2:30 p.m.
Located in the Adelaide entrance of the Scotia Plaza skyscraper, you'll find artisan goods from local farmers that are sure to satisfy your fresh produce needs.

College Park Market
College Park, 12 p.m. until 4 p.m.
Join fellow shoppers in the College Park green space, with an array of vendors selling fresh local foods. You can find music and art pieces here too.

Thursday

North York Farmers' Market
5100 Yonge Street, 8 a.m. until 2 p.m.
The next time you find yourself north of Sheppard, make sure it's on a Thursday, because this market is a great option to shop for fresh fruits and veggies, cured meats, cheeses and pastries.

Dufferin Grove Organic Farmers' Market
270 Gladstone Ave., 3 p.m. until 7 p.m.
Each week for nearly the past two decades, this market has been a go-to option for organic produce alongside organic and natural wines, meat, dairy products, preserves and more.

Toronto Market Co.
Royal Blank Plaza, 3 p.m. until 6 p.m.
Toronto Market Co. is a great spot to shop and mingle with other customers, tasting all sorts of local foods along the way. The market will be open from 3 p.m. until 6 p.m. every Thursday.

Underpass Park Farmers' Market
29 Lower River St., 4 p.m. until 7:30 p.m.
Open rain or shine, you can come to this market every Thursday for some local fruits, veggies, and baked goods. Be sure to bring your dogs too, as there will be dog treats!

Friday

Sherway Farmers' Market
1536 The Queensway, 8 a.m. until 2 p.m.
Expect to find a variety of local produce that's way better (and wholesome) than what you'd find in a grocery store each Friday, filling the parking lot with colourful, fresh goodness.

High Park Community Market
High Park, 4 p.m. until 7 p.m.
Go for a long hike through High Park and then head over to the market for some local treats - the official vendor list will soon be announced. The market will have live music too!

Saturday

St. Lawrence Farmers' Market
St. Lawrence Market, 5 a.m. until 3 p.m.
If you're an early riser and what to get a head start on your weekend, this market at one of the city's most iconic sites is the way to go — opening at 5 a.m., the early bird definitely gets the worm here.

The Stop's Farmers' Market
Artscape Wychwood Barns, 8 a.m. until 1 p.m.
This year-round market prioritizes vendors who grow sustainably, and source food ethically and sustainably. Visit their beautiful space just south of St. Clair West.

The Loop
TTC Bus Loop on Avenue Rd., 9 a.m. until 3 p.m.
You can find this market on Old Orchard Grove north of Lawrence Ave, right by the Avenue Rd bus loop. They'll be opening in May and run till October, every Saturday.

Junction Farmers' Market
275 Keele Street, 9 a.m. until 1 p.m.
Take a long walk in Baird Park and find a rich assortment of local vendors at the Junction Farmers' Market, open from May until October.

Evergreen Brick Works Farmers' Market
550 Bayview Ave., 9 a.m. until 1 p.m.
Evergreen's market is open year-round, with their outdoor market open on Saturdays from May to November. You can find everything from food items to vintage products.

Withrow Park Farmers' Market
Withrow Park, 9 a.m. until 1 p.m.
Opening on June 3, Withrow will offer its patrons delicious baked goods and prepared meals to take home, VQA wines, as well as a variety of local produce.

Weston Farmers' Market
Artscape Weston Commons Courtyard, 8:30 a.m. until 1 p.m.
Weston Farmers' Market is one of the longest running markets of its kind in Toronto, opening annually for over 40 years. It offers wholesome arrangements of farm fresh produce and prepared foods, and will be open every Saturday rain or shine.

Humber Bay Shores Farmers' Market
Humber Bay Shores Park West, 9 a.m. until 1 p.m.
This farmers' market runs from May to October, featuring assortments of meats, herbs, cheeses, preserves and much more.

Etobicoke Civic Centre Farmers' Market
Etobicoke Civic Centre, 8 a.m. until 2 p.m.
This bustling market in the Etobicoke Civic Centre has fresh eggs, bread and meat carts, and lineups for apple fritters soaked in syrup. They're opening in June and will be running until the end of October.

Downsview Park Merchant's Market
Carl Hill Road, 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Spread over 10,000 sq.ft., Downsview Park Farmer's Market offers a wide variety of fresh fruit and vegetables at reasonable prices. This family-owned farmer's market established itself 10 years ago. It is open to the public on Saturday and Sunday.

Sunday

The Leslieville Farmers' Market
150 Greenwood Ave, 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. 
You can find all sorts of ciders, wines, beers and sparkling wines at the Leslieville market this summer. You can spend your Sundays here from May until mid-October.

Afro-Caribbean Farmers' Market
1531 Eglinton Ave, 11 a.m. until 3 p.m.
This is a unique farmers' market in Toronto that features fruits and vegetables from Caribbean and African countries, a new part of the  Little Jamaica-Afro Caribbean Cultural District.  

Deeply Rooted Farmers' Market
455 Cosburn Avenue, 9 a.m. until 2 p.m.
This farmers' market is inviting its visitors to come celebrate BIPOC food providers, showcasing a range of products from culturally diverse foods to common everyday staples. They'll be open every Sunday this summer. 

Downsview Park Merchant's Market
Carl Hill Road, 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Spread over 10,000 sq.ft., Downsview Park Farmer's Market offers a wide variety of fresh fruit and vegetables at reasonable prices. This family-owned farmer's market established itself 10 years ago. It is open to the public on Saturday and Sunday.

Farmers Market on Eglinton
125 Burnaby Boulevard, 8 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Held every Sunday from June to October, this neighbourhood staple is a go-to for fresh produce and other goodies from local farms and businesses.